
Codebook:
This code book will describe the data used in this project, as well as the processing required to create the resulting tidy data set.

For the provided UCI HAR Dataset the following vars are set from run_analysis.R. See the README for additional details.

Source data is from https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip.

Explanation of each file

features.txt: Names of the 561 features.
activity_labels.txt: Names and IDs for each of the 6 activities.

X_train.txt: 7352 observations of the 561 features, for 21 of the 30 volunteers.

subject_train.txt: A vector of 7352 integers, denoting the ID of the volunteer related to each of the observations in X_train.txt.
y_train.txt: A vector of 7352 integers, denoting the ID of the activity related to each of the observations in X_train.txt.

X_test.txt: 2947 observations of the 561 features, for 9 of the 30 volunteers.

subject_test.txt: A vector of 2947 integers, denoting the ID of the volunteer related to each of the observations in X_test.txt.
y_test.txt: A vector of 2947 integers, denoting the ID of the activity related to each of the observations in X_test.txt.
More information about the files is available in README.txt. More information about the features is available in features_info.txt.


By examining extractedData, we can say that the following acronyms can be replaced:

Acc can be replaced with Accelerometer

Gyro can be replaced with Gyroscope

BodyBody can be replaced with Body

Mag can be replaced with Magnitude

Character f can be replaced with Frequency

Character t can be replaced with Time

Processing steps

All of the relevant data files were read into data frames, appropriate column headers were added, and the training and test sets were combined into a single data set.
All feature columns were removed that did not contain the exact string "mean()" or "std()". A tidy data set was created containing the mean of each feature for each subject and each activity. The tidy data set was output to a text file.